procedures: Viewing Che workspaces logs (#2504)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/viewing-language-servers-and-debug-adapters-logs-in-visual-studio-code.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
:description: Viewing {prod-short} workspace language servers and debug adapters logs in Visual Studio Code
:keywords: administration-guide, logs
:navtitle: Language servers and debug adapters logs in the editor
:page-aliases:

[id="viewing-language-servers-and-debug-adapters-logs-in-visual-studio-code"]

> = Viewing language servers and debug adapters logs in Visual Studio Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Viewing language server and debug adapter logs in Visual Studio Code
```

> In the Visual Studio Code editor running for your workspace,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Visual Studio Code editor running in your workspace,
```

> you can view language servers and debug adapters extensions logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
you can configure the extensions to view language servers and debug adapter extensions logs.
```

> you can configure the extensions to view language servers and debug adapter extensions logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can configure the installed language server and debug adapter extensions to view their logs.
```

.Procedure

> . Configure the extension: click File > Preferences > Settings, expand the Extensions section, search for your extension, and set the `trace.server` or similar configuration to `verbose`, if such configuration exists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Configure the extension: click *File* > *Preferences* > *Settings*, expand the *Extensions* section, search for your extension, and set the `trace.server` or similar configuration to `verbose`, if such configuration exists.
```

Reviewer 2: I think this might work better when split into multiple tasks:
. Click *File* > *Preferences* > *Settings*.
. Expand the *Extensions* section to search for your extension.
. Set the `trace.server` or similar configuration to `verbose`, if such configuration exists.

Refer to the extension documentation for further configuration.

> . View your language server logs: click View → Output, and select your language server in the drop-down list for the Output view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. View your language server logs by clicking *View* → *Output*, and selecting your language server in the drop-down list for the Output view.
```
